=head1 NAME

Vcdiff::Xdelta3 - Xdelta3 backend for Vcdiff

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Vcdiff::Xdelta3;

    my $delta = Vcdiff::Xdelta3::diff($source, $target);

    my $target2 = Vcdiff::Xdelta3::patch($source, $delta);

    ## $target2 eq $target

This module is a backend to the L<Vcdiff> module and isn't usually used directly.


=head1 DESCRIPTION

Xdelta3 is a delta encoding library by Joshua MacDonald. The Xdelta3 source code is embedded into this module and built as a shared object. The C<xdelta3> command-line binary is not built.


=head1 PROS

=over

=item *

Doesn't have arbitrary size limitations on source, target, or delta files.

=item *

Has a really neat feature that lets you merge VCDIFF deltas into a single delta. Unfortunately this module doesn't expose that yet.

=back


=head1 CONS

=over

=item *

GPL licensed

=item *

Build system is really weird. I didn't bother figuring out how to run Xdelta3's test-suite when installing the CPAN module which is unfortunate. Note that installing this module does still run the shared test-suite in L<Vcdiff>.

=back


=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Vcdiff-Xdelta3 github repo|https://github.com/hoytech/Vcdiff-Xdelta3>

L<Vcdiff>

L<Official Xdelta3 website|http://xdelta.org/>


=head1 AUTHOR

Doug Hoyte, C<< <doug@hcsw.org> >>


=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2013 Doug Hoyte.

This module includes xdelta3 which is copyright Joshua P. MacDonald. xdelta3 is licensed under the GNU GPL 2 which can be found in the inc/COPYING file of this distribution.

Because of xdelta3's license, this module is licensed under the GNU GPL 2.
